BD-1379: Create Cloning Canvases doc (#3537)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/private_betas/canvas_v2_cloning.md

![][1]{: style="max-width:25%;"}

Next, enter the name for your new Canvas and click **Clone to V2 Workflow**. 

![][2]{: style="max-width:70%;"}

Now, you'll have two versions of your Canvas: the original Canvas and the V2 version. Your original Canvas will still have a **Stopped** status, and the cloned Canvas will have a **Draft** status. You can still access the original Canvas, but Braze recommends using the Canvas V2 workflow to continue building your Canvases. 

![Canvas dashboard with two Canvases listed: V2 Copy of Canvas V1 and Canvas V1. The V2 Copy of Canvas V1 has an icon that indicates it is using the Canvas V2 Workflow.][3]

You've completed cloning your Canvas into the Canvas V2 workflow. Now, you can continue building your Canvases in this updated experience!

## Limitations

If your Canvas matches any of the following details, then your Canvas can't be cloned to Canvas V2:

- Status is **Active** 
- Status is **Draft**

> - Contains Full Steps with exception events using delays "in" or "on the next"

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity:

```suggestion
- Contains Full Steps that have exception events and use the delay filter "in" or "on the next"
```
